0 0 1 1 1 2 3 3 3 3 4 4 6 0

Welcome to Urgenda's demo! Use TAB to move to the next part of the demo. If you wish to see the previous part of the demo, press SHIFT + TAB.
The first task is the task you are currently selected on, and it is also an overdue task! Overdue Tasks are colour coded as red, you need to get them completed ASAP!

To key in such a task into Urgenda, simply type:
Complete tutorial by (enter your preferred date)
We allow for dates to be added in DD/MM, DD MMM! Find out the other combinations as well!

Today's Tasks are colour coded in yellow, for you to take note of all your activities for the day!

The currently selected task, is striked through, which is very different from the rest of the list. Unlike the first overdued task, this task is an EVENT type, meaning it has a start time and end time. Once today's EVENT is over, it will be striked through all the way until the end of the day, after which the event will go straight to your archive.

If you ever overslept and missed an EVENT, worry not!! You can easily notice it on Urgenda, and reschedule it!
To key in such a task into Urgenda, simply type:
Breakfast with mum and dad today from 7am to 8am

This task is an EVENT too! But it doesn't happen only on today, it started since yesterday and lasts all the way till tomorrow! Because the EVENT stretches past today, it is included in Today's Tasks as well!
To key in such a task into Urgenda, simply type:
NUS Overseas Colleges Workshop from (1 day before) 10 am to tomorrow 10pm

The rest of your tasks, that are not in the Overdue or Today's section, will all fall under Others, and are colour coded blue. 
This task has TWO NEW features!!

The Star! The star before the task description indicates that the task is important and it is high on your priority list! Starred tasks will always be placed at the top of the list so that you can always see it first. You can toggle the star on/off with the word Pri

The Number on the right! Notice the number "3" on the right? This means that this task contains 3 time slots! EVENTS can contain multiple time slots, in case you don't have a confirmed timing just yet! 

To key in a multiple time slot task into Urgenda, simply type: 
Internship interview at 12 apr 10am to 12 apr 11am, 12 apr 1pm to 12 apr 2pm, 13 apr 9am to 13 apr 10am
To mark a task as important:
Important [Task no.] 

This task has two new features as well!
Location! You need to store the location to an event? Fear not, for you can simply store it in Urgenda along with your task! 
Need to know what the multiple time slots are? Fear not, we can expand the task for you!

To key in a multiple time slot task with location into Urgenda, simply type: 
Get groceries at 8 apr 5pm to 8 apr 6pm, 9 apr 5pm to 9 apr 6pm @Supermarket
To expand a task:
Showmore [Task no.]

Lastly, we have the archives! Is there a time when you just want to look back and feel proud of how much you have done in the past week? 
Simply enter "Archive" to show the full list of all your completed tasks!

You've come to the end of the demo. There is a lot more functions and features in Urgenda waiting for you to explore. Look around, play around to find the little secrets of Urgenda! Or simply look at our Help Section for a full guide to fully utilizing Urgenda for your maximum benefit!