Adding Tasks:
Simply type your task description with or without dates and times. A task will then be separated into 3 types:
Event: A task with start and end time.
Deadline: A task with only an end time.
Untimed: A task with no start or end time.

Deleting Tasks:
Command words - Delete / Del / Erase / Remove
NOTE: deleting a task is not completing a task
Specify the task number, task description or using the selector or a range
Example: "Delete Dinner with Mum", "Del 4"

Marking as Completed:
Command words - Done / Completed / Do / Mark / Finish / Fin
Specify the task number, task description or using the selector or a range
Example: "Done Dinner with Mum", "Mark 4"

Editing a Task:
Command words - Edit / Update / Change / Mod
Specify the task number, task description or using the selector or a range
Example: "Change Dinner with Mum at Nex", "Edit 4 Dinner with Mum and Dad"

Search:
Command words - Search / Find / Show / View / List
When searching a description, all tasks containing that description will be displayed
When searching for a date, all tasks with this date wil be displayed.
When searching for a month, all tasks during that month will be displayed.

Home:
returns you to the home display to show all tasks

Exit:
click the top right exit button, or type "exit"

Showmore:
Shows more details of a task
Specify the task number, using the selector or a range
Example: "showmore 3", "showmore 1-4"

Archive:
Shows the list of tasks that has been marked completed by the user during the last 30 days

Undo/Redo:
Allows you to undo the previous action taken. Only commands that affect the task list can be undone.

Prioritising Tasks:
Command words - Prioritise / Pri
This feature allows you to mark a task as important. Any task marked as important will be at the top of the list, for overdue, today or other tasks
Specify the task number, task description or using the selector or a range
Prioritising a range will result in all the tasks inside the range to be marked as important. If the whole range is already marked as important, then all the tasks in the range will be marked as unimportant
Example: "Pri 1-5"

Finding free time:
Command word - Findfree
This allows you to find free time that has no events. Simply key in the desired time range to search for free time
Example: "findfree today 12pm - 9pm"

Postponing a task:
Command words - Postpone / Delay / Move
This feature allows you to push back a task by the time entered by you
Specify the task number, task description or using the selector
Example: "postpone 3 by 2 days"

Multiple timeslots for a single task:
Command word - Block / Confirm(confirms a timeslot)
This feature allows you to add more than one timeslot to a task, and when you want to confirm what which timeslot it is, just type confirm
Example: "Block Dinner with Mum at Monday 6pm to 7pm, Wednesday 7pm to 9pm"

